feat: PD-4497 update Check.md doc for UUID (#110)
cloudconformity/documentation-api: Checks.md

https://us-west-2-api.cloudconformity.com/v1/checks?accountIds=r1gyR4cqg&page[size]=100&page[number]=0&filter[regions]=us-west-2&filter[ruleIds]=EC2-001,EC2-002&filter[statuses]=SUCCESS&filter[categories]=security&filter[riskLevels]=HIGH&filter[services]=EC2&filter[createdDate]=1502572157914
```
Example Response:
###### Note the size of this response can be quite large and the example below is purposefully truncated.

> ###### For the property "uuid", it's only available for resource-level rule in AWS (Azure not support). This value is same with AWS ARN provided by AWS official API. For those descriptors which cannot get ARN from official API, we don't provide this value.

Reviewer: 🔧 Some of the terms mentioned here are for internal purposes and end users don't know what they mean:
- resource-level rules
- descriptor

I've also attempted to simplify it a bit:
```suggestion
###### Currently, "uuid" is only available on checks generated for some AWS rules. This property represents [AWS ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) of the related resource, provided by AWS API.
```

Author: Yes, that makes more sense.
